here I want to
see cuz this did well it
just new
of what do we think
here TM
this
this should also be should this be sum
or mean I think we want mean
rewards how long do you think it will
take to solve pong on a
3070 like two minutes man
[Music]
advantages and values
right can you repeat your answer like
two
minutes yeah once we have the new
breakout stuff done uh breakout will be
it's three it'll be probably three
minutes on our system so like five on
yours maybe
six yeah and we're working on making
everything that fast I mean obviously
the really complicated stuff won't be
though is it possible to play against
the models uh we do it the other way
around you can take over for the
model so that's in the uh the Capi or
the C version but yeah all these demos
on the website so this is the agent
playing right here but if I hold shift
you can see it's now it's me
playing and then if I just un if I just
let go of shift the agent takes over
again so in this one you can play with
teammates CU these ones are
teammates these ones are teammates so
now this is me playing with my my AI
teammates
here and I can like let's see dive
in yeah
also it's possible that this thing is
now going to have very different hyper
parameters
right let me see what we were logging
before
guess we should be able to see it down
here
so why would that
[Music]
be what why would what
be the difference
I'm testing a new
algorithm hyper parameters are not
intrinsic to an environment they depend
on the
method interestingly like these look
pretty
explained Vari but we're not logging
this so
whatever TR
KL see
loss and value
fine little bit more variable but
otherwise it's pretty
fine policy loss
H everything else looks good to
me scor is
lower wonder if I need to increase the
learning right
should get better at predicting score
over time shouldn't
it with their environment will
shape yeah it's defined by
both that's why it's such a pain you
have to tune them for every environment
and every time you change the algorithm
at all e
case not
really well I mean what I'm doing right
here the new algorithm would eliminate
two hyper parameters if it
PPT
45 I don't
know you have GPT Pro
the $200
I don't really use language models all
that much except when I'm doing stuff
like this but like it's mostly giving me
garbage and occasionally giving me
something kind of reasonable
wonder if the Horizon makes a difference
that you do this
over I could screw with that actually
there we go way lower misk
time still quite high but way lower have
5 minutes I'll wait for that to confirm
I didn't break
anything and we'll do 64 and then we'll
run a
sweep that's all I really wanted to do
tonight just quick stream on
this about to be on paper former C1 in
nuclear trapse
cool quest for Annie
matter that's
awesome physic stuff is
lovely parito
front her snake here
day okay I think I understood what you
just said
course I mean the the simple way of
saying that would have been we look for
shortcuts man I look for shortcuts in
simulation all day that's what we do as
well except we're probably just trying
to shortcut games and stuff not whatever
crazy multi-dimensional demons you're
dealing
with seems like hard stuck at 860 for
some
reason oh it is isn't it 864 is the
most maybe it
what how can you not
add it's really
be we hope
so that would be cool
looks like we can go even faster than a
couple of these
what did I set did I set the minimum to
100 or
something oh yeah huh
57 should be able to get
this
331 all right it's about the
same what a variance Maybe for
after I get pong working I'm going to
write up a circuit
game could be close add as a
functionality
demo yeah absolutely
command line is not
required just have to be able to write
code
yeah I don't that's crazy not having
used yet having been writing code for
any amount of
time you got to do
that that's like saying that you play
computer games and you've never used an
actual Mouse trackpad
only it's like that level of crazy yeah
that's insane
do you have like a different version
control system you just keep all the
files
around I mean that's like bloody
insane I wipe my machines like all the
time because I know like all my stuff's
get anyways
well actually surprisingly that's not a
terrible fit with what we do we actually
do that with our
environments this is the only place ever
you will find that nobody else does that
they all do fancy [ __ ] but uh we
actually do make very complex Sims in
one file with no dependency
so you will be right at home
okay we do a little engineering around
here
math well we'll try not to scare you
here but for this here I'll show you
this is one of the more complex RL
environments out
there this is uh you know neural MMO 3
this took me I don't know 2 3 months to
write I probably could have done this
now in like a month and a half
is um with what I know now a month and a
half of like good solid work mind
you not like lazing around as you
um here's neural mm mod
3 here's the
code 2800 some odd lines of
C this is just
it's very simple
see but this is about what we deal with
here for like a more complex
Sim haven't needed it besides robot
stuff well it's very nice for what we do
because it's very very
fast and it's very easy to
write we like C or at least I like C
which means that everybody has to like
see it has some comments but it should
be self-explanatory for the most
part it's pretty simple
stuff the compute damage function
computes damage
sleep there's no way that too much sleep
is bad for you no
way reminds me of java code no this is
way less garbage than that believe
me 13 plus well oddly enough they had a
they have increases above seven which is
weird 7 hours being as bad for you as 5
and a half there's I mean 8.5 hours
being as bad for you as 5.5 hours no way
in
hell no way
yeah I think I'm returning this thing
though this thing sucks
honestly like I don't know whose idea it
was to design a band that doesn't have a
watch face on it but look how stupid
this is I have to wear two
bands stupid right like they should have
just built this stuff into a watch and
called it a day
I mean the app isn't bad but like it's
not going to
replace like I need my running watch
right like I can go without having the
time on my wrist that's no big deal but
I need my heart rate in my pace for when
I'm running and if I'm going to have a
watch on for that anyways I may as well
just leave it
on
right so it's stupid that you have to
have two of these things and it doesn't
even tell you all that much either like
it's like you got enough sleep tonight
whoop did he do it's like honestly this
feels like a this feels like something
for people who want adult supervision as
a [ __ ] adult it's insane it's like
obene look here it's going to ask me Do
Your Daily Journal did you have any
alcohol no I was a good boy did you have
any caffeine maybe a little bit how late
did you have the caffeine not too late
okay good boy any like food did you read
today it's like what the hell
it gives you a lot of information as
well but it's like not particularly
useful okay it gives me calories which
is like super inaccurate and like who
cares it gives me steps which again who
cares plus my other watch will do that
it gives you sleep performance but
that's basically just telling you how
long you were asleep
and it generally says it's good unless
you stay up super late doing dumb
[ __ ] it gives you HRV but the other
watch I have does that as well just
fine it gives you a strain score for
exercise but
like whoop did he
do I guess it gives you like breakdown
on your sleep if you're trying to fix
sleep apnea but that's about it yeah
exactly right but it's not even the cost
cuz like okay whatever if it were useful
I'd pay it it's that I have to wear two
stupid devices
it has a few nice things in it but I
like it's got it like it's just needs to
be built into a
watch it tells me I have had an hour and
a half zone four to five cardio this
week
also all these trackers anyways they're
only good at tracking um they're only
decent at tracking strain from cardio
they don't track strain from lifting so
if I go do three sets of deadlifts and
after that I'm floored like it's not
going to track that
so yeah not
great not great out of
10 zone two once this year oh yeah you
exercise very good for
you do you go running for cardio yeah
run oh okay I see
yeah that's a different
story I did, 1500 miles last year and it
saved my life from uh what would have
otherwise probably been lethal
pneumonia at the start of this year
but it took a lot of my lung capacity so
I'm trying to get my cardio
back I'm up
to I think like a 9916 Pace 5K or
something my best before this was like a
750 Pace 5K I mean I also did a whole
bunch of distance stuff I ran a 50k over
the summer um I do a whole bunch of
power lifting I do a bunch of stuff
trying to get it all back
solved I can probably repurpose that
machine for something now as
well 750 is awesome my high school time
was 710 and I was one of the slower
Runners back then I definitely can do
better been in great shape and then Co
hit yeah that's
rough I mean I got way out of shape in
my early 20s and then I got to 24 and I
just kind of went okay screw it time to
get in shape I hate the running I will
say that like unless you're the type of
person who likes cardio it's not a fun
way to start getting in shape it's like
for me it was way more enjoyable to just
start doing serious
powerlifting and then you know once
you've like put in the level of effort
and energy uh to like get start getting
strong it's like all I may as well get
my cardio in good shape
too yeah where I can breathe right
cardio is awesome takes like three
months the no cardio training is brutal
cardio training is especially at the
start is like legitimately brutal it
always sucks but it sucks the most to
get into
it I don't know if you need like a good
outlet for stress or whatever though
it's it's pretty damn good for that
because you can just like you can just
run until you're like half dead and get
in good shape by doing that
repeatedly when I was in when I was
finishing my PhD it would be like it was
like the middle of the winter so it
would be like horizontal freezing rain I
would get up at like 600 6:30 in the
morning I would
go run a half marathon outside like
around the around the Charles in like
the freezing rain I'd go get like three
or four donuts from Dunkin Donuts to
replenish calories from that I'd go take
a hot shower and then go into the
um well the STA building is just insane
like the architecture of the building is
just insane so like yeah that makes
stuff kind of
okay this is going to be a pain in the
ass isn't
you triple
Triad I don't know how well it's
possible to do but
okay that's experiment set up for now
and I'll set this one before I go to
bed uh I think I'm going to just go let
me
okay very
good we will see what we can get out of
this
thing oh wait didn't I
already and
on what do I have running right
now am I stupid what do what do I have
running
breakout okay I am running
this okay good so I'm running this and
then I'm running the other one so we're
good for now
cool do Mac and
windows I've used both for many years
but not currently
buntu I think I'm going to call it there
though for now
folks I've got these set
up we've got uh well let me just make
sure that it's actually training
first I'll talk about what I'm going to
do and then we'll call it
right here's triple
Triad perfect so these two sweeps will
run that'll give us some good experiment
data yeah you can do that that'll happen
um I'll call it for now
so I might be streaming tomorrow I
usually I do my long run on Sundays so I
see how I feel after that you know
sometimes it takes a lot out of me
sometimes it
doesn't but uh yeah for folks watching
all my stuff's at puffer
doai there are rlms you can play with
there's a Blog with information for
experts and for
newcomers can start the GitHub check out
the code really starring the GitHub
helps me out a lot it's free please just
do it really helps you can join the
Discord if you want we're almost at
1,000 and other than that you can follow
on X for more RL
content I will be back tomorrow